Similarly there is a great need for value addition of soil .
Lemon tanga also has a good market for sorbet pickles etc .
These crops are very much available in Assam but Assamese farmers have not been benefited due to lack of value addition .
A lot of money goes out of the state exchequer to import a lot of seeds to Assam .
But many youth of the state can be established by producing certified seeds of rice mustard soil lemon banana many fruits flowers .
These are in line with the climate in Assam .
But these plants are themselves .
There is room for increasing production and marketing by preserving these medicinal plants by making concerted efforts .
This will benefit the residents of rural Assam .
In addition , many plants produced in Assam are financially profitable by increasing the production of insect fish meat in forests and adding value .
The government has enough to do in this regard .
Implementing government schemes will involve many youth in agricultural trade .
This will solve the unemployment problem in the state as well as economic growth .
Author Dr° Kishore Kumar Sharmagreen Sopan
The surroundings of Assam fed with tropical and temperate climates .
So Assam is a home of abundance and diversity of plants .
However , as a major result , banana soil sour coconut copper is considered to be a few and it can be said that there is no park on a commercial basis .
The number of unknown secondary fruits in Habibani , the home of Assam , is more than the main fruit .
In a word Assam is a beautiful park of secondary fruits .
A balanced diet is key to the good health of the human body .
One of the main ingredients of this balanced diet is the fruit .
The protein required by the body in the food grain is almost negligible or not the amount of mineral salts in the food .
But these ingredients are abundant in fruits and vegetables .
According to the Health Research Council of India every person should eat 85 grams of fruits daily .
Instead , on an average , we eat only about 46 grams of fruits in all India articles .
But in Assam , many of us do not eat or eat even 1 gram of fruits daily .
As a result our body has become a carrier of various diseases .
One thing is clear from this that the fruits produced in the state have not been able to meet the demand .
The state produces 12.07 lakh tonnes of coconut and copper annually from 103 lakh hectares of land occupied by the fruit .
Although the occupied areas and production are quite negligible compared to other states it is difficult to accept the shortage of fruits in Assam .
Delhi teens invent robot to help medical workers  Covid19 patients reduce contact .
Called Prithvi the prototype built by the students can deliver food and medicines to patients Doctors say such technology is the need of the hour .
From beer to baked beans this is what Americans stocked up for coronavirus lockdown .
Food healthcare toilet paper beer wine  a list of the things Americans have been snapping up and also not buying during lockdown .
Your coronavirus nightmares are good for you Theyll help prepare for scary times .
If your dreams are dark its just the minds way of coping Dreaming about the precise problem youre trying to solve may be especially helpful .
China is reopening its wet markets Thats not a bad decision .
Attraction of wet markets isnt so different from farmers markets in the West Consumers know food is fresh because theres little refrigeration .
During Covid19 lockdown everything is digital  even adultery .
An extramarital dating app called Gleeden has recently seen a 70 per cent increase in their subscriptions during coronavirus lockdown .
Why the argument is shifting in favour of wearing a face mask .
Homes turn into classrooms phones  laptops replace books as schools prepare for new year .
Power grids prepare for load disruption after Modis call to switch off lights on Sunday .
Covid19 death toll in India rises to 68 number of cases climb to 2902 .
The highest number of confirmed coronavirus cases was reported from Maharashtra at 423 followed by Tamil Nadu at 411 .
Working from home office or via social media Modi ministers busier than ever in lockdown .
Holding regular meetings with states managing control rooms daily puja  its all in a days work for many of Modis ministers .
India to Hungary Covid19 will make frightened people trade freedom for life .
Democracies are in danger during the Covid19 crisis as leaders like Victor Orban and Ilham Aliyev are going to execute power grabs .
Fadnavis has a message for Uddhav Take tough calls BJP is behind you .
Former Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis says opposition will not hurt govts efforts but calls for better coordination between ministers  stricter enforcement of lockdownxa0 .
No fixed list decide what food  groceries you want exempt from lockdown MHA tells states .
The fresh order comes amid concerns in the government about the Covid19 lockdown disrupting the supply chain of essential goods .
Haryana bans chewing gums to check Covid19 Experts say no proof of link but praise move .
Haryana authorities say the ban is a preventive measure meant to ensure chewed gum is not spat on others or on roadsxa0 .
Chewing gum ban good but Haryanas hookah culture can be real Covid19 culprit .
Hookah is popular in the state of Haryana and people especially the elderly are defying Covid19 lockdown and coming together to smoke hookah .
Called corona beaten up left on road Foreign tourists recall Goa lockdown horrors .
Several foreign tourists stuck in Goa said friendly local residents turned hostile as concern about the pandemic deepened and restrictions on movements began .
How providing an essential service made ThePrints journalist a prisoner in her hostel room .
In a first Army deploys medical team at civil coronavirus quarantine camp in Delhi .
The Indian Army has so far only been operating out of quarantine camps set up by the armed service for coronavirus patients .
What are wet markets The virus breeding grounds thought to have led to Covid19 outbreak .
Coronavirus outbreak is thought to have begun in Chinas Hubei province where numerous cases were linked to a wet market known as Huanan Seafood Market .
Army to set up isolation facilities for 16000 people as India steps up Covid19 testing .
Field hospitals Army schools and other grounds could also be used to create ad hoc isolation facilities as the number of Covid19 cases rises .
Xi contained Covid19 but suppressing rising chorus against China wont be easy .
Just 8 Covid19 patients on ventilators in 5 worsthit states majority are mild infections .
Companies furlough employees amid Covid19 crisis What it means how it differs from lay offs .
With the Covid19 pandemic forcing the world indoors and shutting industries overnight companies are furloughing employees to survive ThePrint explains .
Poems songs and advice to light diya of reason  responses to PM Modis video message .
Those who cant manage a pet without a maid are criticising PM Modi BJP general secretary .
After Congress leaders Chidamabaram Sibal and Tharoor criticise Modis lightalamp plan BL Santhosh tweets its the usual suspects who are disappointed .
Antimalaria antibiotic combo dangerous for heart to AI prediction  latest on Covid19 .
From 3Dprinted face shields to an app to ease panic attacks ThePrint brings you the top 5 developments on the coronavirus front .
World Cup heroes Yuvraj  Harbhajan are ISI agents Online trolls are just absurd .
The troll army can go after anyone irrespective of credentials as it did when Yuvraj and Harbhajan sought to help Shahid Afridis Covid19 relief work .
Arvind Kejriwal confused migrants to trigger exodus from Delhi Bihar deputy CM Sushil Modi .
In an interview Sushil Kumar Modi defended the Bihar govt on charges of poor infrastructure delayed decisions and absence of Nitish Kumar from public eye .
Tablighi Jamaat was a serious security lapse Futile to argue Hindu temples too were open .
No new Covid19 case in 4 days Bhilwara could offer lessons in fight against pandemic .
India and US must join hands during Covid19 crisis not increase nativist impulses .
Katherine B Hadda former US consul general Hyderabad writes on the need for the US and India to unite during the Covid19 crisis .
Rename WHO as Chinese Health Organization Japan slams UN body for giving into Chinas spin .
Japans Deputy PM Taro Aso slams WHO head Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus for his inadequate evaluation to address the coronavirus outbreak .
Covid19 Battle Are Indian chief ministers measuring up or need strong central oversight .
PM Modi held a video conference with all chief ministers Thursday to take stock of the situation arising out of the Covid19 health emergency .
Kerala HC stays govt order to provide liquor on prescription calls it recipe for disaster .
Congress Akalis JJP call each other out over CM photos on hand sanitisers and ration bags .
Navy gets battleready for Covid19 with lowcost temperature sensor oxygen supply system .
The naval dockyard in Mumbai has designed a handheld temperature sensor while a Portable Multifeed Oxygen Manifold was designed by personnel in Visakhapatnam .
Power struggle between two top ministers adds to Karnatakas coronavirus troubles .
Health Minister Sriramulu  Medical Education Minister Sudhakar are locked in a tussle Their different statements on Covid19 crisis are leading to confusion .
PM Modi hints lockdown wont be extended calls for common exit strategy to fight pandemic .
50mn for hydroxychloroquine clinical trial to new testing tech  top Covid19 research news .
Asians will become the new Muslims  how coronavirus will change our world like 911 .
To control another Covid19 outbreak solutions like body screening temperature guns sanitising kits will become a permanent part of our lives .
IT ministry app to track Covid19 cases returns today after being taken off Google Play .
Corona Kavach is one of at least two appbased interventions from the central government to share information with people on the pandemic .
Modis 9min candle plan Sunday Needless spectacle or muchneeded motivation for Indians .
Practice disease distancing  how India can use corona crisis to kill its caste virus .
Inside Modi govts virus war room  ministers sleep over 50 phone lines 4 control rooms .
From coordinating with states to tracking cases around the world North Block is guiding the Covid19 effort with Amit Shah monitoring from his residence .
States want Modi govt to release grants and GST dues raise borrowing limits to fight crisis .
A sharp increase in health and social welfare expenditures to battle Covid19 and protect the poor and vulnerable has adversely affected state finances .
Is Covid19 a Chinese weapon or an accident Either way world must stop playing in bio labs .
Ramayan records 17 cr viewers for DD in first weekend YouTube numbers double .
BARCNielsen report says 51 crore saw Ramayan episode on Sunday while DD officials say the show along with Mahabharat  Shaktimaan have doubled Doordarshans YouTube traffic .
IAS IPS officers say 5070 pay cuts are mere optics unnecessary and will hit morale .
Amid Covid19 outbreak Maharashtra Telangana Rajasthan Odisha  Andhra have announced pay cuts or delays for elected representatives  govt employees .
Angry sadhus deserted Janmabhoomi but no social distancing in Ayodhya on Ram Navami .
The Ram Janmabhoomi site  the city gates were deserted but in the inner lanes and temples devotees and even policemen could be seen violating orders .
Shunned by hometown Sikh spiritual singer who died of Covid19 cremated in secluded area .
Use 44000 youths trained in health sector to plug medical staff shortage Govt to states .
Rural development secretary has written to states  UTs to utilise services of youths trained in the health sector under Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushal Yojana .
300 migrants claim theyre being held hostage in shelter 5 mins from Nizamuddin Markaz .
Migrant workers say they were on their way home to Punjab and Bihar but were brought to the shelter by police allegedly under false pretences .
Govt steps in to fix supply chain truck drivers need to only show licence to cross borders .
Truckers carrying food medicine have been stranded at state borders since the lockdown Faced with police harassment they have refused to ply their vehicles .
Bust fake news ensure positive Covid19 media coverage Task for new govt empowered group .
The empowered group on information communication and public awareness has been set up alongside 10 other committees by the home ministry .
Everything is rotting say Maharashtra and Karnataka farmers as shut markets spell doom .
Unseasonal rains manpower shortage and no buyers have left farmers in Maharashtra and Karnataka staring at destruction as their produce lie rotting in fields .
6 8 21  Indians are fixated on numbers during coronavirus crisis .
Test more prepare postlockdown plan  over 800 scientists appeal to Modi govt .
Warning that Covid19 could bounce back in absence of proper postlockdown plan academics have urged govt to conduct more diagnostic tests .
Aung San Suu Kyi finally joins Facebook  to communicate with people faster during pandemic .
Myanmar which shares a border with China has reported 16 Covid19 cases so far .
Planes for rich not even chappals for us  migrants lament as they walk home in UP .
Migrant workers returning from cities on foot also allege they were overcharged on state transport buses and misled and harassed by police .
Home Secretary Ajay Bhalla asks states UTs to create factcheck portal about Covid19 .
Modi govt to rope in NCC cadets aged 18 and above to help in fight against coronavirus .
The NCC will mobilise its senior division volunteer cadets to be employed in small cohesive groups of 820 to assist the civil infrastructure .
Cremate all Covid19 victims bodies regardless of religion VHP tells govt .
VHP terms Nizamuddin Markaz gathering that resulted in the spread of Covid19 to hundreds shameful urges Muslims to close all mosques that are still open .
Tracking Indias coronavirus deaths  24 of first 35 victims had no foreign travel history .
In Indias fight against coronavirus one arm failed miserably  Parliament .
MPs were warning about the severity of Covid19 But Modi govt whose AYUSH Ministry kept advocating homeopathy didnt wake up until Kanika Kapoor incident .
Dear Muslims Tablighi Jamaat committed a crime against humanity Dont defend them .
Overburdened Supreme Court can use Covid lockdown period to change Indian judiciary for good .
Labourers are not poor Uma Bharti says as she calls out the real poor on her list .
How private labs are going out of their way to protect staff testing coronavirus cases .
With ICMR giving approval for Covid19 tests private labs are training phlebotomists  field staff who collect samples  to ensure their own safety .
Do masks help Experts say even DIY masks are useful as Covid19 is unrelenting .
While medical masks need to be prioritised for healthcare workers and sick DIY masks even made from cotton tshirts can be of great help .
India receives second batch of medical supplies for Covid19 from China .
Jack Ma and Alibaba Foundations donate protective clothes masks and ventilators to Indian Red Cross Society .
Kejriwals ministers complaint led to Modi govt action against top Delhi civil servants .
DU hasnt paid for online journals and portals cant access them from home say teachers .
Teachers allege they are having trouble teaching or researching due to lack of resources DUs own online library hasnt subscribed to important journals .
Coronavirus doesnt stop Indian Army from carrying out its annual cyber security exercise .
Army had earlier issued advisory claiming Indias adversaries were launching coronavirusthemed campaigns to infect official or personal IT assets of defence personnelxa0xa0rn .
We may be underestimating the Coronavirus death toll .
If the number of infections is underestimated the detected fatality rate will look much higher than the real one .
Punjab announces community testing of anyone with breathing trouble in Covid19 hotspots .
Punjab CM Amarinder Singh directs health department to put mobile testing vans in operation to conduct community testing and stem the spread of Covid19 .
Wimbledon cancelled due to Covid19 pandemic first time since World War II .
UNSC in no hurry to discuss China role in Covid19 pandemic as world locks down .
UK Coronavirus death toll crosses 500 mark biggest singleday rise .
Several makeshift hospitals are becoming functional across the UK as the NHS aims to boost bed capacity to cope with the growing number of cases .
Meals for needy shelter for hospital staff  Delhi gurdwaras step up with aid for thousands .
From Bangla Sahib to Rakab Ganj gurdwaras across Delhi have opened their doors to hospital staff and nurses to aid their fight against Covid19 .
Delhi Police will now track quarantined patients through mobile location says Kejriwal .
Arvind Kejriwal says his govt received feedback about quarantined individuals stepping out and said strict action would be taken against violators .
50 nations promised cash to fight Covid Few like India and Bangladesh are doing it right .
Indias trinity of Jan Dhan Aadhaar and mobile communications  or JAM  can work wonders if it is used extensively to reform citizenstate engagement .
Covid19 cases climb to 1965 in India death toll rises to 50 .
According to the Health Ministry 9 fresh deaths were reported  4 from Maharashtra 3 from Madhya Pradesh  one each from Andhra Pradesh and Punjab .
Heard Charles took Ayurveda treatment Minister seeks evidencebased AYUSH drugs for Covid19 .
AYUSH Minister Shripad Yesso Naik also tells ThePrint that action will be taken against those spreading unsupported claims of alternative medicines to fight coronavirus .
Sixweekold baby dies of Covid19 in US .
Not using Army during exodus of migrants was an error of judgement Modi govt will rue it .
Deploying Army to help migrants would have shown state governments in poor light but its a nonissue when tackling a disaster of this magnitude .
Pakistan launches Corona Relief Tiger Force gets 90000 volunteers in two days .
The relief force volunteers will distribute food to the poor and create awareness about Covid19 in areas under lockdown .
This is how police in states are tracking people who attended Tablighi event in Delhi .
To trace the people who attended the Delhi congregation police in different states have also roped in their specialised units and are tracking phone locations .
Bigotry over Tablighi Jamaat is a familiar pattern All Muslims will be blamed for acts of few .
Govt wants report on PPE ventilator test kit stock asks states UTs to reply by 5 April .
The govt has asked state and union territory governments to urgently answer the letter as it seeks to take stock of Indias Covid19 preparedness .
Caged beaten and shamed  How Covid19 laws are being abused around the world .
Authorities around the world including in India are resorting to unprecedented tactics to try and slow the spread of Covid19 .
Clapping is good but Indian medical staff fighting Covid19 need real incentives .
If India gives special incentives to healthcare workers like Malaysia and China it can hasten human resource mobilisation in the fight against Covid19 .
Is there a risk of Modi govt using Covid19 to curb media and freedoms or is it necessary .
Surveillance is becoming a key concern during the Covid19 crisis The Supreme Court has also directed media to publish the official version of the developments .
India banned over 370 foreign Tablighi Jamaat workers in 201819 for visa violations  xa0 .
Workers of the Tablighi Jamaat have allegedly been repeat visa offenders participating in religious congregations while on tourist visa .
Railways has spent almost Rs 920 crore to stop Covid19 spread amid huge losses .
Health ministry is set to reimburse the railways ministry its expenditure on Covid19related activities after a Union Cabinet takes a decision in this regard .
Good news from Bhilwara No new Covid19 cases in 2 days But dont rejoice yet say experts .
Pay loan EMI if you can Interest payable will increase if you dont banks tell borrowers .
The Indian Banks Association has put out answers to customer queries to address confusion over RBIs 3month loan moratorium .
Ready to operate beyond mandate to fight the pandemic CDS Bipin Rawat .
With the antipoor lockdown BJP is back to its upper caste middle class urban roots .
Demonetisations political gain was to rebrand the BJP as a propoor party The poorly implemented coronavirus lockdown is undoing that image .
Viral images of money on the street has nothing to do with Italy or coronavirus .
The image is from 2019 when robbers looted a bank in a town in Venezuela called Merida .
Govt asks researchers to develop mathematical models on Covid19 spread will fund studies .
Science  technology ministry move follows series of notifications from its different departments asking researchers to submit study proposals to fight coronavirus pandemic .
Nitish dumped Bihari workers  allies opposition slam Bihar CM over coronavirus response .
Bihar CM Nitish Kumar accused of being slow in his response to coronavirus crisis  be it helping migrant workers or improving healthcare infraxa0 .
What is Tablighi Jamaat Organiser of Delhi event behind spike in Indias Covid19 count .
Tablighi Jamaat congregation at Banglewali Masjid in Delhis Nizamuddin area was attended by thousands on 10 March Many among them have tested positive for Covid19 .
Charulata to Edward Hopper  coronavirus quarantine is breathing life into art again .
There is relatability in minimalist art and by reviving it we are contemplating our own architecture of loneliness during the Covid19 lockdown .
How drivethru test centres in US UK South Korea are fasttracking Covid19 testing .
Govt prescribes Yoga with Modi for foreign envoys battling stress of Covid19 lockdown .
The MEA has shared a YouTube channel link with all diplomatic and UN missions saying it will promote good health and help reduce stress .
Jails give Covid19 parole Can overstretched govt track prisoners movement and behaviour .
Prisons across India have begun to release inmates on parole after the Supreme Court directed to decongest jails to prevent the spread of coronavirus .
Sanitisers to migrant shelters  Rajasthans Covid19 fight is a publicprivate venture .
Rajasthan is among the worstaffected states and there are fears that the textile hub of Bhilwara could turn into a super clusterxa0 .
JK to release 31 prisoners detained under Public Safety Act amid coronavirus outbreak .
Politicians including former CM Mehbooba Mufti and Shah Faisal detained under the Public Safety Act however will remain in custody .
Pancreatitis drug trials to a wastewater test for tracking virus   top research on Covid19 .
From using empty virus shells to research on how genes may affect Covid19 patients ThePrint brings you top 5 developments on the coronavirus front rn .
Punjab and Haryana stare at massive farm crisis as lockdown leads to labour shortage .
Migrants to get wages wherever they are  cities villages or in transit Labour minister .
Santosh Gangwar says labour ministry is helping states provide shelter food and quarantine facilities for migrant workers walking back to their villages .
Consult doctors via phone or video call but first know these dos  donts of telemedicine .
The Telemedicine Practice Guidelines allow registered medical professionals to offer consultation and treatment from remote locations through the use of technology .
Publish official version SC tells media after govt says fake news caused migrant exodus .
Supreme Court bench headed by Chief Justice of India SA Bobde also directed that food water  shelter be arranged for migrant workers .
Modi govt allows pharma firms to tweak clinical trial rules during Covid19 lockdown .
Over 2500 active trials are said to be underway in India for drugs aimed at patients suffering from cancer and hepatitis B among other things .
UP puts 18 districts on alert to trace people who attended Nizamuddin Tablighi Jamaat event .
State administration inspects Markazi Masjid in Lucknows KaiserbaghAminabad area and takes 6 foreigners for Covid19 testing .
Only home ministry can issue lockdown orders says govt tells other ministries to stop .
The message was conveyed to ministries and departments through a letter written by Cabinet Secretary Rajiv Gauba .
Doctors  health staff regular patients no longer need curfew passes in Punjab .
Tablighi Jamaat blames govt planning as BJP AAP attack it for spike in Covid19 cases .
Organisers of the Tablighi Jamaat congregation say it took place before the nationwide lockdown kicked in and the sudden curfew stalled evacuation efforts .
72 new Covid19 cases in Maharashtra with 59 in Mumbai alone biggest rise in single day .
This takes the total number of coronavirus patients in Maharashtra to 302 a health official said .
More than 2100 foreigners linked to Tablighi Jamaat entered India since 1 January .
Malaysian woman tests positive for Covid19 first in Jharkhand .
The woman who is among the 24 persons found staying in a mosque in Ranchi is absolutely normal and asymptomatic said an official .
Why this small coastal district in Kerala has become a hotspot for coronavirus .
Authorities in the district have dismissed the possibility of community transmission and attributed the high figure to people with travel histories .
Govt funds startup to produce device that reduces presence of coronavirus in closed space .
SRKs Fan coactor Shikha Malhotra volunteers as a nurse in Mumbai hospital .
Shikha Malhotra who has a BSc nursing degree is a volunteer nurse at an isolation ward at the Balasaheb Thackerey Trauma Centre in Mumbai .
Give migrant workers Rs 5000 offer counselling RSSaffiliated trade union tells Modi govt .
BMS hints that vested interests are behind mass exodus of migrant workers thousands of whom are walking back to their homes amid the Covid19 lockdown .
Ramdev donates Rs 25 cr to PMs Covid19 fund appeals to followers to contribute .
Hospitals in Bihar UP give staff HIV kits to plug mask shortage experts say it wont work .
25 Covid19 cases in Sangli Jayant Patils punishment for criticising Modi BJP .
RSS affiliate appeals to Modi govt to not import Covid19 testing kits masks from China .
Swadeshi Jagran Manch national coconvener Ashwini Mahajan says this is the time to ramp up indigenous capacity and trust local companies .
Chinas Covid19 Long March  migrant workers say abide with me while beating retreat .
Govt health experts recommend lockdown extension as migrant exodus undermines containment .
21day lockdown will help but top health experts working closely with PM Modis Covid19 team recommend it should be extended due to exodus .
How Covid19 is changing Indian politics .
Modis ratings now depend heavily on his managing the health crisis but as the Hindutva agenda is sidestepped the opposition has a new opening .
After demonetisation and GST slow response on corona is latest disaster of centralisation .
Delhi Police is also feeding thousands every day  away from cameras .
Delhi Police has designated its personnel to distribute food and also launched a helpline to cater to those in need of food .
Lockdown places Punjabs 3 lakh drug addicts at risk of overdose relapse or infection .
Clinics are opening for only a few hours leading to crowding and the Amarinder Singh governments solution has its own set of problemsxa0 .
IS tries to provoke Muslims says countries fighting coronavirus are easy targets .
Islamic States chat groups are abuzz with messages on how the coronavirus pandemic has provided an opportunity to carry out terror strikes .
Jaipur mirrors Delhi scenes as 3000040000 migrants crowd bus stands to get back home .
Army doctor and JCO test positive for Covid19 both had travelled to Delhi separately .
Overcrowded Agra jail releases 71 inmates accused of theft robbery amid coronavirus scare .
PM Modi sets up 11 empowered groups as quick response teams to tackle coronavirus outbreak .
Each group will be include a member from the PMO and cabinet secretariat to look into different aspects of managing the outbreak .
MIT ties up with Italian design company for Covid19 ICUs .
Architects have designed mobile hospitals in order to provide intensive care to the patients of coronavirus which can increase their chance of survival .
Mass exodus of migrants Are they the Covid19 lockdown violators or victims .
The Union home ministry has ordered the states to seal borders and quarantine people who have violated the coronavirus lockdown for 14 days .
Lakhs of coveralls masks thousands of ventilators  govt says key Covid19 gear on its way .
The Modi govts assurance came amid reports that medical staff tackling coronavirus cases were illequipped to handle the pandemic .
200 people from Delhis Nizamuddin area taken for Covid19 test after 7 report positive .
Delhi Police has cordoned off the entire Nizamuddin area and are monitoring movement through drones Legal action will be taken against violators .
Womans death on sealed border triggers KeralaKarnataka battle Pinarayi writes to PM Modi .
Kerala CM Pinarayi Vijayan says Karnataka is keeping border closed even for emergencies Union minister Sadananda Gowda intervenes and says all taken care of .
6000 quarantined 28 lakh people checked  inside Bhilwara Rajasthans Covid19 ground zero .
3D printers making masks to why social distancing is best bet  top research on Covid19 .
Travel restrictions only help stop transmission in the early and late stages of the pandemic ThePrint bring you the latest research on Covid19 rnrn .
This is how Modi govt plans to resume classes in schools in April despite lockdown .
Classes in schools and colleges around India have been suspended since midMarch when governments began to impose restrictions to check Covid19 spread .
Mumbai startup builds AIbased Xray technology to help track Covid19 progression .
Marking Covid19 patients should not leave a social mark in India .
This is how Kerala govt police and residents are helping the poor and fighting Covid19 .
24 people who attended Nizamuddin congregation test positive for Covid19 .
Why bats are huge reservoirs of viruses and how humans remain at high risk of infection .
Loss of habitats has forced bats to live in close contact with humans increasing chances of people getting infected with novel viruses .
Most vaccines go through years of tests 1218 months would be extraordinarily fast Experts .
Vaccine specialists this time are turning to technology aimed at speeding up a process that has traditionally taken 10 years or more .
How the novel coronavirus is mutating and if you should be concerned .
Virus mutations are common and expected but they dont change the virulence of any strain of the coronavirus .
Lockdown or not Covid19 raises key questions on decisionmaking in a democracy like India .
A pandemic such as Covid19 also challenges the processes involved in decisionmaking and their prioritising in a democracy like India .
Not just IAS and police Indias Covid19 fight must use panchayats and municipalities too .
India should make SuperCloud disease tracking a must to overcome pandemics like Covid19 .
To avoid another pandemic like Covid19 health and student records may be linked to give admissions to only those students who are vaccinated .
IAS officers wife professor exMP  Bengals Covid19 rumour factory a club of elites .
Why family elder Modi and not aggressive Amit Shah is govts face in Covid19 fight .
Covid19 pandemic is a crisis in which the government must reach out and bring everyone together Amit Shahs combative image might not work .
Modi govts Covid19 package not enough people need food security Sachin Pilot .
The fall of NRI How Covid19 has altered the image of Punjabs darling community .
Punjabi culture puts the needs of visiting NRIs above those of local residents But coronavirus pandemic has turned the community into a threat best avoided .
Kerala promulgates Covid19 ordinance to restrict duration of essential services .
The Epidemic Diseases Ordinance 2020 allows the Kerala govt to take special measures and frame regulations to tackle an epidemic disease .
Relying on kindness of people  Indias disabled bear the brunt of Covid19 lockdown  xa0 .
The Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment Saturday wrote to the Home Ministry seeking minimum support services for people with disabilities .
Covid19 Dr WHO gets prescription wrong .
Five lessons the coronavirus pandemic can teach Indians .
If one were to acknowledge the hints Covid is dropping at us then it might help us reflect on our conventional wisdom rather critically .
Tata Trusts commits Rs 500 cr for Covid19 crisis as positive cases rise in India .
The funds from the philanthropic organisation will be utilised to provide protective equipment respiratory systems testing kits and train health workersxa0 .
Relax taxes tariffs say American firms to Indian government amid lockdown over Covid19 .
US business lobby groups have also recommended expansion on essential services list clarity on movement of employees as fears of serious disruption growsxa0 .
GDP growth could slip to zero or negative in 1st quarter due to lockdown NITI Aayog VC .
Army may recall retd personnel with medical expertise if fight against Covid19 intensifiesxa0 .
Journalist behind story of Dalits eating grass in Varanasi district gets notice .
District administration says report is fabricated DM Kaushal Raj Sharma says Dalits eating wild pulses but journalist stands by story .
Defying socialdistancing norms in Singapore now means fine up to Rs 5 lakh or jail time  xa0 .
A country of around 60 lakh people Singapore has reported over 800 Covid19 cases Its third fatality was recorded Sundayxa0 .
Donald Trumps Easter promise and human threat to coronavirus plans .
Restrict sales of chloroquine  other Covid19 drugs Chemists lobby tells members .
The request comes after sales of drugs like azithromycin hydroxychloroquine chloroquine lopinavir and ritonavir shot up amid the coronavirus pandemic .
Seal borders put lockdown violators in 14day quarantine Modi govt tells statesxa0 .
The new order came as the central government faces criticism for the massive exodus of migrants from cities amid the 21day Covid19 lockdownxa0 .
Stay home this too shall pass  Gulzar urges India to follow Covid19 lockdown .
Posted on Facebook Gulzars spoken appeal starts with a couplet Waqt rehta nahi kahin tik kar iski aadat bhi aadmi si hai rnrn .
Modi apologises for harsh steps to check Covid19 with a veiled rebuke for violators .
In his monthly Mann Ki Baat address Modi says the fight against coronavirus is a life and death battle and requires tough decisionsrnrn .
Netherlands recalls 600000 Chinamade masks from its hospitals over poor quality .
Netherlands becomes the latest country after Spain and Czech Republic to claim Chinese medical supplies are defective .
In coronavirus lockdown add the arts to essential services list .
Not surprised way of life say those from northeast over racist corona attacks .
There has been a spate of attacks  prejudicial incidents amid the coronavirus epidemic highlighting longstanding racism against those from the northeast .
Covid doesnt deserve the levels of panic were seeing in India certainly not this lockdown .
The total lockdown perhaps makes sense in a world in which Covid19 carries extremely high mortality rates The Modi government needs to rethink its policy .
Facebook reprioritises to adjust to changing user behavior during Covid19 lockdowns .
Facebook is building new features to help users and small businesses to make money despite the prevailing restrictions .
Bengaluru police chief took kickbacks from ecommerce firm alleges Karnataka deputy CMxa0 .
Meet the Pune woman behind the first Indian Covid19 testing kits .
Mylab Discovery Solutions sent its kits to 150 diagnostic centres in Pune Mumbai Delhi Goa and Bengaluru this week .
Scientist says antiepilepsy drug can be repurposed for Covid19 writes to ICMR to test it .
Potted plants sofas the jugaad dumbbells for fitness freaks during coronavirus lockdown .
Social media is flooded with videos of celebrities and Instagram influencers exercising in their homes during coronavirus quarantine .
Antibody test or RTPCR Both needed to fight Covid19 Dont rake up controversies .
Crumbling Covid19 infra at Delhi mohalla clinics keeps doctors away patients helpless .
India hitting period of exponential growth in Covid19 cases can see 30000 deaths by May .
Why Modi Trump  others are angry at WHOs handling of Covid19 crisisxa0 .
In episode 429 of CutTheClutter Shekhar Gupta explains how WHOs reputation has been damaged by its handling of the coronavirus pandemic .
Why Indias wealthy happily donate to god and govt but loathe helping needy and poor .
India likely to join WHOs Covid19 treatment solidarity trial .
India ramps up Covid19 assistance to SAARC nations team set to leave for Nepal .
No proof that drugs for heart ailments diabetes are increasing severity of Covid19 ICMR .
ICMR has come to the conclusion after review of the available information and deriving the consensus of various scientific societies and expert groups .
Avoid ibuprofen ICMR tells diabetes hypertension heart patients in Covid19 FAQs .
The advice follows a letter published in Lancet Respiratory Medicine that suggests ibuprofen can aggravate Covid19 infection in diabetes and hypertension patientsxa0 .
Too much uncertainty  Anxious NEET aspirants want exam postponed amid Covid19 lockdown .
While the NTA has delayed the release of NEET admit cards it has given no indication of whether the exams will be postponedxa0 .
Real social distancing Special planes for Indias rich police lathis for workingclass poor .
Curfew an app  assured home delivery  Punjab leaves little to chance in Covid19 battle .
RBIs mega financial package will work only if Modi govt plans for life after lockdown .
Did pangolins transmit coronavirus to humans Could be but scientists still not sure .
How lockdown is disrupting the village economy in UP one farmer at a time .
Their milk cant reach Delhi and sugarcane cant be taken to the mills farmers in UPs Baghpat district narrate how lockdown has hit them .
Clapping to slapping  India did everything other than social distancing this week .
When PM Modi imposed a lockdown to flatten the coronavirus curve little did he know how difficult social distancing would be for Indians .
Coronavirus has increased political distancing between Rahul Gandhi and Congress old guard .
India didnt create Covid19 problem but a better system wouldve helped us cope better .
Covid19 has exposed Indias strengths which lie at various levels and weaknesses such as the medicare system and fiscal constraints .
Hydroxychloroquine Trumps prescription for Covid19 gets tougher to buy in India .
Modi govt has moved hydroxychloroquine to a different schedule of the law to prevent hoarding Chemists will now have to track its sale more rigorously .
Ungliyon ko saaf corona  Dettol Lifebuoys hand wash challenge gets record TikTok views .
Hygiene brands Dettol and Lifebuoys handwashing campaigns on TikTok have garnered 243 billion and 53 billion views respectively .
Defence ministry grants emergency financial powers to Army commanders to fight Covid19 .
Powers have been given to Army commanders area commanders subarea commanders to spend on work related to setting up of quarantine facilities  other services .
In Covid19 lockdown many of Delhis poor and homeless are being forced to starve .
A number of the homeless and daily wagers have flocked to Delhis night shelters but they say supplies have been erratic there too .
Armed forces identify six more hospitals for Covid19 tests in India initiate four studies .
The armed forces have been directed to augment medical resources for civil health setups too .
Sidhu Moose Wala releases song on Punjab superspreader gives call for social distancing .
Sidhu Moose Walas song is based on how Punjabs first Covid19 patient now deceased went around the state despite being asked to quarantine .
Mamata Banerjee hits the streets to spread Covid19 awareness but forgets social distancing .
Mamata tours hospitals  markets as part of her awareness drive accompanied by a team of govt officials and police officers and a posse of mediapersons .
Ten cardinal principles of war that apply to Covid19 pandemic .
Why Rs 17lakh crore relief package may not mean an equivalent fiscal hit in 202021 .
Some of the expenditures announced by the Modi government have already been accounted for in the Union Budget presented in February .
3 test positive for coronavirus in Bihar total number of cases in state rise to 9 .
Not enough grains to manufacture atta maida sooji as lockdown hits supply chain .
Why Indias experience in eradicating polio is unlikely to help in fight against Covid19 .
India managed to successfully eradicate polio but the fight spanned decades and came with the help of a lowcost oral vaccinexa0 .
It is war Modi govt must deploy Indian military to fight coronavirus .
Countries like US Italy China Spain have realised why military deployment could be the only way to win the war against an unseen enemy .
Corona is a wake up call for Indian courts They arent equipped to function in a crisis .
India has 40000 ventilators but could need many many more in worstcase scenario .
Experts say India would need 80100 times the available number of ventilators based on average 21day stay on ventilator for a coronavirus patient .
Heres how India can help the disabled during 21day coronavirus lockdown .
In the absence of accessible public facilities and assistive technologies Indias disabled need human assistance But social distancing makes it difficult .
Back from Singapore Kerala IAS officer  wife jump home quarantine .
Kollam District Collector Abdul Nasar says SubCollector Anupam Mishra who had been asked to be home quarantined left for Bengaluru without informing anyone .
Big Basket unsure of service in Delhi even after police assurance but Grofers to resume ops .
Not operational in Delhi due to lockdown Big Basket says its delivery partners are still facing strict restrictions .
AgustaWestland accused Christian Michel moves Delhi HC for bail citing Covid19 threat .
Michel says hes 59 years old and has preexisting health conditions and keeping him locked up would amount to violation of human rights .
13 flights landed across Indias 5 busiest airports hours after the flying ban .
Online classrooms during Covid19 mean students should demand fee discounts .
Classroom spaces are conducive to interaction force students to engage and promote peer learning but all that has stopped due to Covid19 pandemic .
Jayant Sinha Coronavirus will change the world like 911 and 2008 .
The coronavirus Pandemic Period suggests we need to provide national healthcare freely to all Your health is suddenly my problem .
Corona is not just a virus Indians are using it as a slur against people from northeast .
Several people from northeast India are facing racial attacks A  woman from Manipur was spat on and called corona by a man in Delhi .
Uddhav Thackeray is winning over even his critics with calm demeanour and strong decisions .
Looking for ways to kill lockdown drudgery Take tips from Bhagwat Tejasvi Surya Rijiju .
India begins work on 100day emergency plan to fight Covid19 .
The plan will forecast emergency requirements that may arise in the next three months depending on how much the coronavirus outbreak intensified .
Why India has opted for a Chinastyle lockdown and not like the one in Italy .
China implemented harshest form of lockdown in Wuhan after 30 deaths while Italy effected gradual less stringent nationwide lockdown that began after 800 deaths .
How states are delivering midday meals to students during Covid19 school closurexa0 .
Health minister rebuts Mamata claim Bengal has conducted under 10 of 2500 tests available .
In a report to Bengal Governor Jagdeep Dhankar Union Health Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan says 40 Covid19 testing kits doesnt mean 40 tests .
Preacher who was Punjabs 1st Covid19 death could have been a superspreader .
Health officials in Punjab suspect three people including a religious leader and the preacher who defied quarantine advice may be superspreaders .
Modi govts Gareeb Kalyan Does India have the ability to deliver amid Covid19 lockdown .
Finance Minister has announced a threemonth relief package worth Rs 17 lakh crore for Indias urban  rural poor to help them during the coronavirus lockdown .
Army starts Covid19 testing in its hospitals issues fresh guidelines to fight pandemic .
The IAF meanwhile has designated Command Hospital Air Force Bengaluru to conduct Covid19 testing .
Jodhpur jail inmates on hunger strike for 3 days now want parole due to Covid19 .
The inmates selfstyled godman Asaram Bapu among them have cited crowded cells poor sanitation and lack of proper medical facilities in support of their demand .
With social boycott and fines Covid19 is the new untouchability in Maharashtra villages .
In several villages across Maharashtra gram panchayats have warned residents with a social boycott if they let relatives from cities into the precinctsxa0 .
Free LPG cash aid  Modi govts Rs 17 lakh crore plan to ease Covid19 lockdown for poor .
in default of payment of fine they have been sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for one month each .
In any case if the censures were awarded to the petitioner he should have challenged the same at the appropriate time alleging bias or whatsoever grounds were available to him .
Learned Single Judge fell in error in placing reliance upon the material supplied by the defendant which alone is sufficient to set aside the impugned order .
Whether the suit is properly valued for the purposes of Court  fee and jurisdiction .
He cannot enquire into the allegations with which the delinquent officer had not been charged with .
Three paragraphs of the plaint quoted above in our view do clearly disclose cause of action for the plaintiff to claim damages .
According to the plaintiff DDA also arbitrarily recovered various amounts from the final bill .
Any seats falling vacant during the 3rd counselling  open selection or seats available after 23rd July 2009 will be transferred to the next session .
The request of the petitioner for relaxation for promotion to the post of Operation Theatre Assistant was thereafter considered by the Lieutenant Governor and rejected by order dated 18th July .
According to A  1 in retaliation the petitioner implicated him falsely in a criminal case .
It is the statement of a fact employed as an argument to justify or condemn some fact .
After carrying out the sampling procedure the sample was sent to the Public Analyst .
Moreover provisions of Section 14 1 e of the Act are not applicable in the present matter .
Fixed deposit in respect of 10 for a period of seven years .
As regards permanent disablement and loss of amenities of life the tribunal has awarded Rs 20 000 .
acts of negligence errors of judgment or innocent mistake do not constitute such misconduct .
This Court is unable to accept the submission of the learned Senior Counsel for the petitioner .
Considering the facts and circumstances of the present revision petition the parties are also left to bear their own costs .
After recording the statement of the constable I asked the advocate to make submissions .
According to the Boards unanimous report Ex 62  A asphyxia was caused by carbon monoxide .
The petitioner asserted that there is a difference in allotment of seats adopted by respondent in comparison to other institutions and the universities .
The respondent had challenged his non selection for promotion from Group C to B to the post of AOM against 30 quota vacancies .
After deducting the fare charges driver had to return the balance amount to them .
All these officers are in this category who have not completed 15 years of service .
After serving legal notice upon the Respondent on 18 09 2008 he filed the petition for divorce .
After completion of Foundation Course DOPT published a final list allocating services to 406 candidates .
The conviction of the appellant for the offence punishable under Section 364 A IPC is set aside .
A cash box was recovered at the instance of the accused in his presence .
A fraud must be of an egregious nature as to vitiate the underlying transaction .
The remaining amount of Rs 10 00 000   be kept in fixed deposit in the following manner .
The learned counsel for the petitioner has also contended that the disciplinary authority has to give detailed reasons only if it had differs from the enquiry report .
Under these circumstances it is not safe to rely on the testimony of any of the so  called eye witnesses .
Learned counsel for the petitioner refutes it and states that an amount of Rs 2 00 crores has been paid .
Its jurisdiction is circumscribed and confined to correct errors of law or procedural error if any resulting in manifest miscarriage of justice or violation of principles of natural justice .
A counter affidavit cannot explain the basis of the order which is under challenge .
Fixed deposit in the name of appellant No 2 in respect of 10 of the award amount till he attains the age of maturity .
Reply to the application of the respondent under section 17B of Industrial Disputes Act 1947 has not been filed on behalf of petitioner  non  applicant .
It shall also be in the interest of justice if the above  said FIR and all the proceedings emanating therefrom are quashed .
February 24 2010 JUSTICE SHIV NARAYAN DHINGRA Whether reporters of local papers may be allowed to see the judgment .
All India Rent Control Journal 284 wherein this Court in similar circumstances condoned the delay .
Ajay tried to save Ram Singh and was assaulted by Satya Prakash and Harish .
The findings and inferences of the Tribunal are based on evidence and documents on record and there does not appear to be any manifest errors in them .
We see no infirmity in the findings of the learned Single Judge .
The learned counsel for the petitioner has contended that the petitioner was given just one day notice before he was asked to appear in Police and Society .
In view of the above findings Issue No 6 is answered in favour of the plaintiff .
In ascertaining whether the plaint discloses cause of action and that the suit has been properly valued or not the pleas raised in the plaint only have to be considered .
I do not find any substance in the argument of the counsel for the petitioner .
Also the doctor who prepared the surgery notes was not examined as a witness .
All the witnesses have supported each other on the core parts of their testimony .
The appellant has challenged the quantum of compensation awarded to the claimants .
The defendant no 1 was served by publication and had proceeded ex parte as none had appeared on his behalf .
A definite outer time limit should be fixed for the conclusion of the enquiry .
Enhancement is also claimed on the ground that a sum of just Rs 10 000   is awarded towards conveyance instead of the claim of Rs 50 000 .
A copy of the letter dtd 20  11  92 is annexed as Annexure P  1 to this affidavit .
Accordingly the penalty imposed by AO is not justified and the same is cancelled .
The petitioner contended that he was forcibly lifted by the officers of NCB and he was tortured to give the statement .
Hence in the light of the above this court does not find any infirmity or illegality in the impugned order passed by the court below .
In view of my foregoing discussion I find that this Court has no territorial jurisdiction to entertain the present petition .
Petitioner is directed to deposit the costs with Registrar General of this court by way of cross  cheque within four weeks from today .
A decree can be presented within four months of the day it becomes final .
The proposed agreement between the parties was cancelled by the respondents by letter dated 30th June .
The submissions of learned counsel for the appellants can be summarized as under .
A Division Bench hearing the matter had formulated the following three questions for consideration .
Accordingly he submits that on this ground also the criminal proceedings should be quashed .
Whether the plaint is properly valued for the purpose of Court fee and jurisdiction .
The respondent asserted that after show cause notice dated 15th June 2001 it was replied by the petitioner by letter dated 8th July .
The learned Tribunal has awarded Rs 10 000   towards funeral expenses and Rs 25 000   has been awarded towards loss of love and affection .
All pleas urged in the said memorandum would be considered and decision taken thereon .
The learned counsel for the petitioner in the circumstances contend that the petitioner is entitled to be released on bail at least for six months .
Order of dismissal of suit while recognizing the existence of a suit indicates its termination .